README.md, before:

#First Attempt At Web App Using Express, Node.js, Jade, Socket.io, & more to come.

###To Mongo Or Not To Mongo, This Is The Question
######12/16/14

I should probably figure out authentication first. It shouldn't be too difficult, granted I am sitting next to "Impractical Jokers" blasting out of a soundbar && A and K speaking loudly across from me (as always). Business as usual around here.

So: 2 Options here:
MongoDB - Use mongoose and passport to authenticate.
MySQL - Figure out how to authenticate using MySQL and res.connection. I will probably do this.

--SSJ

###I did not mongo.
######12/17/14


And this, made me happy. Finally got the authentication to work. Note to self: read documentation before using new plugins. I was trying to compare two hashes with bcrypt, when bcrypt only allows you to compare a string to a hash. Whomp whomp whomp. Only took me a little while to figure it out with a fresh mind.

Lesson: Sleep on a problem and come at it the next day. 

Also, I removed Socket.io from the plugins I'm using. I may incorporate a chatroom at some point doe. I think it would be cool, until the internet got a hold of it. If the site got that much traffic I think I could cope though.

TODO List: 

Database Stuff: ORM, Design, Pretty Much Everything in between  
Figure out how to post these blogs  
body layout  
a ton more other stuff.  
Passport for outside auth, for the hell of it.  
I should probably scaffold the file system a little better too.  
Redis for Session storage?  

Oh, and I got the sessions working today too (redundancy ftw). That was easy though.

--SSJ

###Routes, Routes, Routes
######12/22/14


So, I took a few days off this weekend. Christmas is coming and I had some other stuff to take care of. SO, when I got back to it, I popped open my routes.js file and decided to split it into several different files, one each for the possible route URL's, combining all the CRUD methods needed for each.

At least its all easy to find now, eh? There is probably a better way to do it than storing each action as a JSON element, but it works for now. 

More to come this evening.

----------------------------------------------------------------

So, I decided to use Sequelize for my ORM today. Getting it working is a bit of a pain so far, but I think it's actually coming along pretty well (so far). It works pretty niftily, takes a lot of me writing SQL queries out of it, although that definately would have been faster at this point I reckon. 

I'm getting a validation error from sequelize. I'm going to track it down before I go to sleep preferably. I think I'll shower first though.

More to come this evening still! (Maybe. It's 1:21 AM EST Folks.)

-----------------------------------------------------------------

3AM : Got sequelize signup to work. Could not get login to work. 

Too Tired. Until tommorrow, anyone who cares enough to read this.

###I'm Back
######1/6/15

As stated above I'm back. The holidays passed, I had some family stuff going on, and a friend was in from out of town so I haven't had much time to work on this. So I took some time to get back at it today.

Got the Login to work. Changed up how I was handling the callback functions. 

That might be all for tonight, but I'll probably do some research before bed. Maybe add a destroy account function, but that's the most.

Back at it again tomorrow. 

###Back....Again
######1/14/15

So, it's been a while one or two people who read this page (thats including me). I've been in and out lately. Haven't had much time and lost some motivation here, but I'm right back at it again (shoutout ADTR) now. 

Got the entire blog system up and running. By that I mean that I can add blogs from a user account. Any user account for now. 

Ill probably proceed to work on the blog page layout for the rest of the night.

Updated TODO: 

Finish setting up REST API
    PUT / DELETE REQUESTS  
Blog Layout  
    Button at bottom to load additional blogs  
Improve file structure  
Angular? seems like it could work with this, but it seems like a serious undertaking. Im not ready to rip this guy down just yet.  
    
etc. etc. Ill remember more as the day goes on. 

--SSJ

###Back Again.....Jay's Back
######2/21/15

Hello Again, internets.  
I've been MIA for a month+. For a few reasons actually. My depression kicked up a little bit, I've been busy with Anna 2 weekends of the time, and I've been trying to be a little better at work.  
So, today I got the new blog post page to enter line breaks. JQuery ftw! Took me a little while since I'm a bit out of practice, but we're getting there.  
  
Gonna keep working tonight and we'll see where I get.

###So Friends
######3/20/15

So, I've been gone for a while now. Still alive. Got the signup working proper, as well as adding a function to delete a user's account.

--SSJ

###Pagination
######4/11/15

Got pages working (mostly) for the blog page. Haven't been working on this much lately. Pool Biz is starting to pick up, and that pays the bills.......for now.

1 Love.

Commit message:

Adding pagination to user page. Removed unused modules, fixed routes.

README.md, after:

#First Attempt At Web App Using Express, Node.js, Jade, Socket.io, & more to come.

###To Mongo Or Not To Mongo, This Is The Question
######12/16/14

I should probably figure out authentication first. It shouldn't be too difficult, granted I am sitting next to "Impractical Jokers" blasting out of a soundbar && A and K speaking loudly across from me (as always). Business as usual around here.

So: 2 Options here:
MongoDB - Use mongoose and passport to authenticate.
MySQL - Figure out how to authenticate using MySQL and res.connection. I will probably do this.

--Jay

###I did not mongo.
######12/17/14


And this, made me happy. Finally got the authentication to work. Note to self: read documentation before using new plugins. I was trying to compare two hashes with bcrypt, when bcrypt only allows you to compare a string to a hash. Whomp whomp whomp. Only took me a little while to figure it out with a fresh mind.

Lesson: Sleep on a problem and come at it the next day. 

Also, I removed Socket.io from the plugins I'm using. I may incorporate a chatroom at some point doe. I think it would be cool, until the internet got a hold of it. If the site got that much traffic I think I could cope though.

TODO List: 

Database Stuff: ORM, Design, Pretty Much Everything in between  
Figure out how to post these blogs  
body layout  
a ton more other stuff.  
Passport for outside auth, for the hell of it.  
I should probably scaffold the file system a little better too.  
Redis for Session storage?  

Oh, and I got the sessions working today too (redundancy ftw). That was easy though.

--Jay

###Routes, Routes, Routes
######12/22/14


So, I took a few days off this weekend. Christmas is coming and I had some other stuff to take care of. SO, when I got back to it, I popped open my routes.js file and decided to split it into several different files, one each for the possible route URL's, combining all the CRUD methods needed for each.

At least its all easy to find now, eh? There is probably a better way to do it than storing each action as a JSON element, but it works for now. 

More to come this evening.

----------------------------------------------------------------

So, I decided to use Sequelize for my ORM today. Getting it working is a bit of a pain so far, but I think it's actually coming along pretty well (so far). It works pretty niftily, takes a lot of me writing SQL queries out of it, although that definately would have been faster at this point I reckon. 

I'm getting a validation error from sequelize. I'm going to track it down before I go to sleep preferably. I think I'll shower first though.

More to come this evening still! (Maybe. It's 1:21 AM EST Folks.)

-----------------------------------------------------------------

3AM : Got sequelize signup to work. Could not get login to work. 

Too Tired. Until tommorrow, anyone who cares enough to read this.

###I'm Back
######1/6/15

As stated above I'm back. The holidays passed, I had some family stuff going on, and a friend was in from out of town so I haven't had much time to work on this. So I took some time to get back at it today.

Got the Login to work. Changed up how I was handling the callback functions. 

That might be all for tonight, but I'll probably do some research before bed. Maybe add a destroy account function, but that's the most.

Back at it again tomorrow. 

###Back....Again
######1/14/15

So, it's been a while one or two people who read this page (thats including me). I've been in and out lately. Haven't had much time and lost some motivation here, but I'm right back at it again (shoutout ADTR) now. 

Got the entire blog system up and running. By that I mean that I can add blogs from a user account. Any user account for now. 

Ill probably proceed to work on the blog page layout for the rest of the night.

Updated TODO: 

Finish setting up REST API
    PUT / DELETE REQUESTS  
Blog Layout  
    Button at bottom to load additional blogs  
Improve file structure  
Angular? seems like it could work with this, but it seems like a serious undertaking. Im not ready to rip this guy down just yet.  
    
etc. etc. Ill remember more as the day goes on. 

--Jay

###Back Again.....Jay's Back
######2/21/15

Hello Again, internets.  
I've been MIA for a month+. For a few reasons actually. My depression kicked up a little bit, I've been busy with Anna 2 weekends of the time, and I've been trying to be a little better at work.  
So, today I got the new blog post page to enter line breaks. JQuery ftw! Took me a little while since I'm a bit out of practice, but we're getting there.  
  
Gonna keep working tonight and we'll see where I get.

###So Friends
######3/20/15

So, I've been gone for a while now. Still alive. Got the signup working proper, as well as adding a function to delete a user's account.

--Jay

###Pagination
######4/11/15

Got pages working (mostly) for the blog page. Haven't been working on this much lately. Pool Biz is starting to pick up, and that pays the bills.......for now.

1 Love.

As today progresses I also cleaned up my routes by compressing everything to /routes/index, that way I don't have 10 different vars for routes in app.js

Fetty Wap - Trap Queen has been playing all day. Literally, I must have listened to it 50 times today. My life is in an odd place.

Still cant figure out how to have escaped text and line breaks and keep them stored in DB at the same damn time. Damn you Jade!

-Jay
